ResQ Firesimulator 12.11.2004

REQUIREMENTS:
The ResQ Firesimulator requires Java 1.4.x or newer to run.

CHANGES:
    * Fixed config file (added missing gamma=1.0)
    * Random wind with definable random seed
    * Refuges and stations can be set to be inflammable
    * Capability to parse the config.txt

CONTENT:
'resq_firesimulator'       The simulators root directory
  'resq_firesimulator.jar' The simulators executable
  'default.stp'            The simulators settings
  'config_addition.txt'    A sample config file containing the
                           additional properties which
                           can be added to the 'config.txt'
  *'.rays'                 Monte Carlo data
  *'.scn'                  Map data for the setup mode
  '5firesimulator.sh'      Modified start script for the 
                           use with the robocup rescue domain

'source'                   The simulators source files
  
INTEGRATION IN THE RESCUE SERVER:
1. Extract the contents of this .tgz file.
2. Move the 'resq_firesimulator' directory to the 'program' directory
   of your rescue server installation.
3. Substitute the '5firesimulator.sh' in the 'boot' directory with
   the one included in 'resq_firesimulator'.

CONFIGURATION FILES:
The Firesimulator loads its Properties from 'default.stp', which 
can be edited by hand or in a interactive way using the setup mode
of the simulator (see command line options). 
The simulator is also able to parse the 'config.txt' to retrieve its
properties. A sample 'config_additional.txt' with firesimulator properties 
can be found in 'resq_firesimulator'. Notice that properties defined in the 
'config.txt' will be overruled by the definition in 'default.stp'.
Therefor the according property definition has to be removed from
'default.stp' to make the definition in the 'config.txt' effective.

COMMAND LINE OPTIONS

-help           Prints all parameters and exits.
-p port         Tells the simulator to connect to port. The default
                value is 6000.
-h host         Tells the simulator to connect to host. The default
                value is localhost.
-cstp filename	The path of config.txt. By default . is used. Notice
                that the the values in the config.txt will be overruled
                by the values from the .stp file if the are defined there.
-v filename     Start the setup environment and load initial data from
                filename.
-s filename     Store the initial data in filename.
-ray_rate rate  Number of emitted rays per mm while sampling. rate is a 
                float value.

BUILDING THE SOURCES
If you want to build the simulator your self:
1. move to the 'source' folder
2. type 'javac Main'
3. copy the configuration file 'default.stp' from 'resq_firesimulator'
   to 'source'
4. start it with 'java Main'

 
